Chelsea VS Leicester City
Oct 1, 2016
Chelsea ease past Leicester with Costa, Hazard, Moses scoring

Diego Costa, Eden Hazard and Victor Moses were all on target for Chelsea as they brushed aside Leicester City with a 3-0 victory at Stamford Bridge.
Costa and Hazard bagged first-half goals while Moses scored late on for the Blues, who were good value for the win and took control of the game from the off as Premier League champions Leicester failed to create much of note throughout.
Chelsea raced into the lead inside just seven minutes as Nemanja Matic flicked on a corner at the near post, with Costa arriving unmarked in the middle to fire past Kasper Schmeichel for his seventh Premier League goal of the season.
And the Blues kept up the momentum following their opener as they continued to dominate possession, with Leicester having to dig in deep at the back.
Chelsea were soon presented with another opening as N'Golo Kante picked out the run of Hazard, but he was unable to connect properly in his attempt to chip the outcoming Schmeichel.
The hosts were inches away from their doubling their lead shortly after as David Luiz stepped up to take a free kick on the edge of the box, with his effort flying towards goal only to cannon back off the post.
Chelsea did make it two in the 33rd minute, with Hazard taking advantage of some sloppy Leicester defending before rounding Schmeichel and slotting into an empty net.
Leicester did manage to create a half-chance shortly before the break as Jamie Vardy just failed to connect with Luis Hernandez's delivery, while Luiz went close from a free kick again down the other end, this time forcing Schmeichel to palm his effort away.
The Blues were the first to threaten in the second half as they nearly made it three, with Moses latching onto the end of Kante's ball but then failing to slot past Schmeichel.
Leicester could have pulled one back thanks to Luiz, but luckily for the Brazilian, the ball came back off the post after he tried to cut out Vardy's delivery.
Chelsea were still on the hunt for a third as the second half wore on but Kante saw his effort blocked on the line after Schmeichel had parried a ball into the middle from Costa.
But the Blues finally found a third in the 80th minute as Moses was fed in by a brilliant Nathaniel Chalobah pass before he fired past Schmeichel and into the back of the net.
