West Bromwich Albion VS Everton
Aug 20, 2016
Everton recover from early setback to win at West Brom

Ronald Koeman got his first Premier League victory as Everton manager as his side came from a goal down to beat West Brom 2-1 at The Hawthorns.
The Baggies made the perfect start to their home campaign as Gareth McAuley headed them into an early lead.
However, goals from Kevin Mirallas and Gareth Barry either side of half-time saw Koeman claim his first three-point haul as Toffees boss after the 1-1 draw at home to Tottenham on the opening day.
West Brom's opening goal came after eight minutes following some good forward play from Salomon Rondon, who held off Ramiro Funes Mori and controlled Craig Gardner's long ball into the box before getting in a shot that Maarten Stekelenburg did well to block.
From the resulting corner, an inswinger from Gardner, McAuley jumped highest between Mirallas and Phil Jagielka to head home at the far post from two yards out.
Everton struggled to muster a response until midway through the first half when a low cross from Leighton Baines found Barry arriving just inside the penalty area, but he fired his shot tamely at Ben Foster.
As the half-hour approached, former Albion loanee Romelu Lukaku received a warm round of applause from some of the home fans as he warmed up on the touchline -- and after 37 minutes he was on the pitch in place of James McCarthy in what looked like a tactical switch by Koeman.
Lukaku was not directly involved but the switch did quickly bring a reward as Everton equalised in the final minute of the half when a lovely one-touch passing move started by Mirallas and involving Barry and Ross Barkley was given the finish it deserved by the little Belgian when Mirallas beat Foster from 12 yards out.
The second half began with a series of chances for either side to take the lead before Everton eventually obliged on the hour.
West Brom would have regained the advantage had Stekelenburg not stuck out his right foot to block Darren Fletcher's shot from inside the box, while Foster kept the scores level as he instinctively blocked Gerard Deulofeu's prod goalwards following an Everton corner.
Gardner then curled a free-kick narrowly wide before Foster had to push away a Funes Mori header.
From the resulting corner, Mason Holgate's scuffed volley looped towards the far post where Barry, on his 100th Premier League appearance for the Toffees, headed home.
Barkley should have extended the lead after 72 minutes but powered a near-post header wide from a pinpoint cross by substitute Yannick Bolasie, making his debut following his arrival from Crystal Palace.
Lukaku was denied a late goal by Foster on his return when through on the home goalkeeper, while a last-gasp chance to earn West Brom a point was put over the bar by Rondon.
