AFC Bournemouth VS Manchester United
Aug 14, 2016
Zlatan Ibrahimovic scores as Man United win at Bournemouth

Zlatan Ibrahomovic scored on his Premier League debut as Jose Mourinho's tenure got off to a fine start with a 3-1 win away at Bournemouth.
Juan Mata and Wayne Rooney also got on the scoresheet as Mourinho's team had far too much power.
The first half was a disappointing affair with very few clear openings.
United's first real chance came just before the half hour when Mata shifted the ball to Rooney, but the striker's effort was low and straight at Artur Boruc in the Bournemouth goal.
Harry Arter then fired over from 35 yards in a show of frustration at being unable to break the visitors down.
United took the lead five minutes before half-time, but needed a mistake from a Bournemouth defender to help them.
Simon Francis' pass back to Artur Boruc was short and enabled Mata to intercept -- Boruc smothered the initial effort but the ball then rebounded back off Francis and Mata rolled into an empty net.
Rooney should have doubled the lead six minutes after half-time when he muscled Steve Cook off the ball to get through on goal, but Boruc stood tall to deflect his effort.
Moments later Rooney appealed for a penalty after an alleged trip by Andrew Surman -- replays suggested there was minimal contact.
Rooney did get on the scoresheet in the 59th minute to double United's lead. Antonio Valencia burst through on the right before crossing for Anthony Martial, whose scuffed shot fell perfectly for Rooney to nod home from six yards out.
Ibrahimovic almost got in on the act when his powerful free kick was well stopped by Boruc.
But seconds later the Swede added to his debut goal in preseason and his goal in the Community Shield win over Leicester with another on his Premier League bow. He picked the ball up 25 yards from goal and perfectly placed a low shot into the opposite corner, opting for precision over power.
Bournemouth gave themselves hopes in the 69th minute when substitute Adam Smith checked inside and fired a superb right-footed effort into the top corner, but there was to be no way back.
