AFC Bournemouth VS Liverpool
Dec 4, 2016
Bournemouth comeback stuns Liverpool in south coast thriller

Bournemouth came back from 2-0 and 3-1 down to snatch a stunning 4-3 win over Liverpool in a thrilling match on the south coast.
Nathan Ake bundled the ball home deep in stoppage time after a Loris Karius fumble as Jurgen Klopp saw his side's hopes of cutting Chelsea's lead at the top frustrated.
Sadio Mane opened the scoring for Liverpool after 20 minutes, tucking the ball away neatly after a pass from Emre Can had cut through the Bournemouth defence.
Divock Origi, making his first Premier League start of the season, soon made it two as he took the ball around Artur Boruc -- who had rushed rashly from his goal and left himself stranded -- before slotting home from a tight angle.
Callum Wilson gave Bournemouth hope when he netted from the penalty spot shortly after the break after James Milner had fouled substitute Ryan Fraser.
But the visitors restored their two-goal advantage eight minutes later when Can bent an excellent strike into the top corner from outside the area.
That seemed to be that -- but Bournemouth were not finished and continued to take the game to their visitors.
They got their reward with 15 minutes remaining when Fraser showed composure after Liverpool had made a mess of a clearance, taking a touch just inside the penalty area before steering a low finish past Karius to put them back into the game.
And the Cherries were level with 12 minutes remaining when defender Steve Cook arrived in the penalty area to turn and volley home.
Only Karius prevented Eddie Howe's team from going in front seven minutes from the end, deflecting the ball over the top after substitute Benik Afobe had battled his way into a shooting position.
Origi steered an effort over in the first of five added minutes as Liverpool looked for a late winner before Lallana came close when he fired a fierce drive past the post.
But Bournemouth had the final word as Ake arrived in the area to stab home the decisive goal of an extraordinary afternoon.
