AFC Bournemouth VS West Bromwich Albion
Sep 10, 2016
Jack Wilshere makes Bournemouth debut in victory over West Brom

Jack Wilshere made his Bournemouth debut from the bench and promptly helped them to a first victory of the season against West Brom.
The midfielder, who moved to the Cherries in a shock deadline day loan switch from Arsenal, came on after 63 minutes with the score goalless and his new team tiring.
And with 11 minutes remaining, a cheeky flick from Callum Wilson secured a 1-0 win for the hosts and a winning start for Wilshere.
Cherries boss Eddie Howe decided against starting his new signing, perhaps wisely given his injury history, against Tony Pulis' physical Albion side.
The England international was forced to watch on as his new club dominated the first half, yet failed to make the most of a string of half-chances.
Andrew Surman and Harry Arter, the two players whose positions are most under threat by Wilshere's arrival, were particularly industrious in the centre as the Cherries pressed for an opener.
Jordon Ibe was also making his presence felt down the right, and after one early foray into the penalty area he had a shot deflected behind by Jonny Evans.
Charlie Daniels headed Ibe's free-kick straight at Ben Foster before Baggies defender Gareth McAuley had to divert another Ibe cross over his own crossbar.
Foster did well to keep out Josh King's improvised effort from a Daniels cross and also pushed Wilson's low drive wide.
Wilson could have opened the scoring when Foster saved from Junior Stanislas, but the striker could only hook the ball over an open goal from a tight angle.
Albion boss Tony Pulis this week voiced his frustration at the club's transfer dealings, but he was still able to give 13million record signing Nacer Chadli a debut.
And the Baggies almost pulled off a smash-and-grab raid on the stroke of half-time when Saido Berahino, back in the side having once again lasted the transfer window without managing to leave the club, saw his volley tipped over by Artur Boruc.
Moments after the interval, Boruc was called into action again with a stunning double save keeping out Brendan Galloway's fierce cross-shot and Berahino's follow-up.
Shortly after Boruc had to deal with Craig Dawson's header, Cherries boss Eddie Howe decided it was time to call for Wilshere, who came on for Ibe in the 63rd minute and took an advanced midfield role.
The 24-year-old's arrival appeared to give his side an immediate lift and Wilson almost broke the deadlock only to see Foster sprawl to keep out his low shot.
But West Brom would have taken the lead had Matt Phillips' free-kick been a few inches lower, only to see it graze the crossbar.
Wilshere's probing was causing the visitors problems, though, and they were finally breached when Adam Smith drove the ball across and Wilson backheeled it into the net for the winner.
