AFC Bournemouth VS Tottenham Hotspur
Oct 22, 2016
Tottenham miss chance to go top after Bournemouth stalemate

Tottenham missed the opportunity to go top of the Premier League as they drew 0-0 at Bournemouth in a game of few clear chances.
In a bright opening on the south coast, Tottenham had the first opportunity when Bournemouth goalkeeper Artur Boruc misdirected a pass and enabled Dele Alli to pick up possession.
The England midfielder played the ball through to Son Heung-Min, but he was flagged offside as Boruc blocked his attempt to prod the ball home.
After six minutes, the home side -- who had won three of their four Premier League games at the Vitality Stadium -- were agonisingly close to going in front.
A short corner was played low into the area for Charlie Daniels to shoot from six yards only for Hugo Lloris to make a superb stop, diverting the divert the ball up onto the crossbar and away.
With a quarter of an hour gone, Jack Wilshere played Callum Wilson into space on the left-hand side of the area and his shot cannoned away off Jan Vertonghen
At the other end brilliant play from Alli, who glided away from a couple of home defenders, gave him space to play the ball through to Erik Lamela, whose curling 25-yarder left Boruc motionless as it glanced off the outside of the post.
A flurry of yellow cards dominated the closing 15 minutes of a frenetic opening period.
Referee Craig Pawson cautioned Lamela for a heavy challenge on Harry Arter and, after Boruc had made a good low save from a deflected Christian Eriksen strike, Vertonghen was booked for tripping Wilson.
Alli followed them after a barge on Adam Smith before Dan Gosling became the first Cherries player booked for a foul on Kyle Walker and then Danny Rose was cautioned for a heavy challenge on Joshua King.
Lamela could have received a second yellow for a challenge on Gosling before, with time running out before the break, Wilson headed a Wilshere cross wide for the hosts.
Tottenham came out firing at the start of the second half and Boruc was called into action within two minutes, diving to push away Alli's strike from outside the area.
At the other end, Eric Dier, in central defence in place of the injured Toby Alderweireld, produced a fine header clear when King's cross seemed certain to give Wilson a great chance, while Lamela fired wide as Tottenham ventured forward again.
Home manager Eddie Howe made the game's first change after the hour, bringing on Max Gradel in place of Jordan Ibe, with Mauricio Pochettino then bringing off Son and replacing him with striker Vincent Janssen.
Cherries substitute Gradel saw an effort charged down and was booked for a challenge on Lamela moments later before Wilson got away down the right but saw his low cross well cleared by Vertonghen.
Moussa Sissoko replaced Alli for Tottenham with 20 minutes remaining, and as the match ticked into its final 15 minutes Rose, joining the attack for the visitors, scuffed a low effort straight at Boruc.
Arter appeared to be caught by an elbow from Sissoko after a touchline challenge, but after consulting his assistant Pawson opted to take no action.
Bournemouth made two more changes, bringing off Wilson and replacing him with Benik Afobe, while King, who had taken a knock, was replaced by Ryan Fraser.
Gradel had a late chance when he seized on a mistake to break down the left for Bournemouth but, with Wilshere in the middle, he delayed his cross and the ball was cleared.
Substitute Afobe then threw himself in vain at a late cross before glancing a header just over seconds later as the Cherries finished with a flourish.
