Burnley VS West Ham United
May 21, 2017
Andre Ayew scores winner as West Ham comeback sees off Burnley

Andre Ayew headed a second-half winner as West Ham snatched a 2-1 victory at Turf Moor.
Already assured of Premier League survival and their highest finish since 1975, the Clarets were in the mood to celebrate and Sam Vokes enlivened the atmosphere by putting them ahead.
But Sofiane Feghouli responded with a quick leveller and, after Sean Dyche's men wasted several chances to regain the lead, Ayew punished them by pouncing on a rebound after 72 minutes.
It made for a slightly disappointing end to the season for Burnley, who had claimed 10 of their 11 wins at home, but the appreciation of their fans for a fine effort was not diminished.
Enthusiasm got the better of a number of supporters as they ran on to the pitch at the final whistle, delaying the team's planned lap of appreciation, but the area was cleared by stewards.
Burnley can look ahead to next season in good heart while West Ham, despite the result, must take stock after a campaign in which they have slipped back.
Burnley started well and almost grabbed the lead in the first minute after James Collins misjudged a bouncing ball, but Andre Gray snatched at his chance.
West Ham also threatened in a lively start to the game, but Tom Heaton was equal to the impressive Feghouli's well-struck shot.
Burnley pressed again but Vokes failed to make a clean connection after being picked out by Robbie Brady and James Tarkowski headed over from a corner.
Their reward came in the 23rd minute when Gray whipped in a low cross and Vokes made no mistake from close range.
The lead lasted just four minutes, however, as West Ham responded with a neat move which saw Ayew flick the ball into the path of Feghouli, who drilled a low shot past Heaton.
Feghouli might have had another soon after but blasted over, while Gray backheeled narrowly wide from Brady's cross.
Vokes glanced a header wide early in the second half before Hendrick sent a free-kick well over and Ashley Westwood miscued a volley.
The Clarets were made to pay for failing to make the most of their dominance as the visitors grabbed the lead 18 minutes from time.
Heaton did his best to repel danger as he palmed away a fierce shot from Edimilson Fernandes but the ball looped upwards, hit the bar and bounced kindly for Ayew to head home.
Celebrations in the away end got a little out of hand as a flare was thrown on to the pitch, delaying the restart.
The intensity was lost after that as the game, and the season, came to a gentle conclusion.
