Burnley VS Tottenham Hotspur
Apr 1, 2017
Spurs cut gap with victory at Burnley

Tottenham Hotspur cut Chelsea's lead at the Premier League's summit to seven points after becoming only the fourth top-flight side to win at Burnley this season.
Spurs were 13 points adrift prior to kick-off against Southampton two weeks ago but Chelsea's loss at Crystal Palace, coupled with this 2-0 success, has given Mauricio Pochettino's side hope.
After Harry Winks had been stretchered off with an injury at half-time, Eric Dier and substitute Heung-Min Son scored in the space of 11 second-half minutes to prevent Burnley from getting the point they needed to equal their highest-ever Premier League haul.
This was the first Turf Moor game in six weeks since Lincoln City knocked the Clarets out of the FA Cup, and Spurs were aiming to join the non-league outfit in being the only victorious visitors since November.
It was familiar terrain for ex-Burnley defender Kieran Trippier, making only his second league start of the campaign as one of three Spurs changes along with Winks and Vincent Janssen.
Spurs were unbeaten in their previous six top-flight meetings without Harry Kane, but this was the first time summer signing Janssen had been entrusted with a league start in 2017.
Tottenham failed to threaten until the 32nd minute, when Dele Alli spurned a glorious opening.
After Christian Eriksen waltzed beyond Ben Mee and fired at goal from a narrow angle, Tom Heaton's save came to Alli, who somehow blazed over from eight yards.
That was as close as either side came during the first half as Spurs' rhythm was disrupted by the loss of two central midfielders in the space of four minutes.
Victor Wanyama was the first to be forced off after landing awkwardly before Winks suffered his injury.
The 21-year-old caught Stephen Ward as he cut inside and then jarred his left leg on the turf near the Burnley dugout, rolling beside Sean Dyche's bench where he remained until the interval.
A stretcher took him off during the half-time period and Pochettino rejigged his system for the second half by pushing Dier further forward.
There was an immediate improvement as a combination of Heaton and Ward kept out Janssen and substitute Moussa Sissoko, while Ben Davies also drew Burnley's goalkeeper into a decent stop at his near post.
Sissoko lashed a loose ball into the stand, but thankfully for the Spurs fans housed there, Dier displayed plenty of control with a measured finish in the 66th minute.
Eriksen's corner was cleared to him by Jeff Hendrick and he steadied himself to place the ball past Scott Arfield on the line at the far post.
A brief Burnley response looked likely as Michael Keane and Arfield fired over, yet a second Spurs goal 11 minutes after the opener put the result to bed.
Eriksen's pass over the top released Alli and he rolled a glorious pass across for Son to apply a simple finish.
Alli might have had a hat trick with another two efforts going narrowly wide of either post.
