Crystal Palace VS Liverpool
Oct 29, 2016
Liverpool run out winners in six-goal thriller vs. Crystal Palace

Liverpool came out on top in a six-goal thriller at Selhurst Park as they secured a 4-2 victory over Crystal Palace.
A frantic first half saw Palace come from behind twice to pull level, only for the Reds to edge back ahead on the stroke of half-time through Joel Matip, with Roberto Firmino then making sure of the result with a fourth in the second period.
The victory sees Liverpool move level on points at the top of the Premier League table with Manchester City and Arsenal, behind them only on goal difference, with Palace remaining in 12th position.
Emre Can opened the scoring inside 16 minutes, slotting a deflected effort into the bottom corner after being teed up by Alberto Moreno.
But Palace were back on level terms just two minutes later after Dejan Lovren sliced a horrible clearance into the path of James McArthur, who was able to head over the oncoming Loris Karius.
Lovren, however, turned from villain to hero five minutes later as he climbed highest down the other end to head home Philippe Coutinho's in-swinging corner.
Liverpool had the chance to score a third as Coutinho slipped in Moreno, but the left-back's effort from a tight angle fired back off the post.
Palace were soon back on level terms once more in the 32nd minute when McArthur got on the score sheet again, this time heading Wilfried Zaha's delivery into the back of the net.
Liverpool should have been back in front a few minutes later, with Coutinho first seeing his header tipped onto the post by Steve Mandanda before Sadio Mane then fired over from close range seconds later.
But the Reds did find themselves ahead for the third time at Selhurst Park just before the break as Matip powered home a header from a Coutinho corner that Mandanda was unable to keep out.
Benteke had his first effort at goal against former club Liverpool shortly after the restart, but his strike was saved at the near post by Karius.
Liverpool could have extended their lead soon after when Coutinho picked out the run of Mane, but the forward was unable to find a way past Mandanda.
The visitors did manage to grab a fourth in the 71st minute as Firmino raced onto a Jordan Henderson through ball before clipping the ball past Mandanda.
Palace attempted to force their way back into proceedings, with Zaha being denied by a save from Karius and Jason Puncheon firing over, but Liverpool were able to see out the remainder of the game.
