Everton VS Manchester United
Dec 4, 2016
Penalty earns Everton late draw with Manchester United

Marouane Fellaini gave away a late penalty as his old club Everton snatched a 1-1 draw with Manchester United to leave Jose Mourinho frustrated again.
United had appeared to be heading for victory thanks to Zlatan Ibrahimovic's lobbed finish before the break.
But with time running out, Fellaini made a clumsy challenge on Idrissa Gueye and Leighton Baines kept his cool to convert from the spot after 89 minutes.
Everton had made the brighter start at a noisy Goodison Park, with a threatening Yannick Bolasie cross forcing Phil Jones to head behind for a corner.
That sparked several more corners in an early flurry, but United emerged unscathed and began to exert pressure of their own before Everton defender Ramiro Funes Mori fired an ambitious 30-yard effort over the bar.
United faced more potential danger after 16 minutes when Marcos Rojo was booked by referee Michael Oliver for a poor challenge on Gueye, but the resulting free kick was headed up into the air by Romelu Lukaku before Tom Cleverley miscued a volley.
Jones headed clear when Bolasie again threatened for Everton, crossing towards Lukaku, as the visitors failed to muster much threat of their own.
Ibrahimovic tried to change that in the 25th minute but his attempt to find Anthony Martial inside the area was overhit and he then fired a tame free kick straight into the Everton wall after Henrikh Mkhitaryan was brought down.
And as the game reached the half-hour mark without either side having managed an effort on target, Gareth Barry -- who had earlier made a couple of strong challenges -- was booked for one on Mkhitaryan.
But United went into the break with the advantage as home goalkeeper Maarten Stekelenburg blundered and Ibrahimovic took advantage.
Stekelenburg raced out of his area when Martial played the ball towards the striker -- but he got nowhere near it and a superb first-time lob from distance hit the bar, bounced down and span against the post and over the line.
Soon after the second half began, David De Gea needed to be alert to prevent Kevin Mirallas from levelling when the Belgian raced away from Rojo to fire an angled effort at the United goal.
But the visitors still looked in control and fashioned chances to go two goals clear, Martial sending an effort wide from the edge of the box and Rojo volleying against the bar after Michael Carrick had crossed.
Cleverley came off for Gerard Deulofeu with Bolasie making way for Enner Valencia and Coleman coming off for Mason Holgate as home manager Ronald Koeman tried to freshen things up.
With a quarter of an hour remaining, De Gea made his second save of the game as Mirallas found Gueye, whose shot was parried, and then Valencia headed straight at the goalkeeper in the last 10 minute.
Martial came off to be replaced by Rashford as Mourinho's men looked to run down the clock, with Fellaini then brought on for Mkhitaryan.
With three minutes remaining, the Balgian's clumsy challenge gifted Everton the chance to level, and Baines could then have won it when his powerful 90th-minute effort was beaten away by De Gea.

