Leicester City VS Crystal Palace
Oct 22, 2016
Leicester City get back to winning ways against Crystal Palace

Champions Leicester returned to form in the Premier League as a Christian Fuchs wonder strike capped a 3-1 win over Crystal Palace.
The defender scored his first goal for the Foxes when he fired in a brilliant half-volley from 25 yards as the home side bagged their first league win for over a month.
Ahmed Musa and Shinji Okazaki had put them in control as Jamie Vardy started on the bench before Yohan Cabaye pulled a goal back late on.
Leicester recovered from a slow start after Christian Benteke hit the bar for Palace, while the striker also had a header cleared off the line and was denied by Kasper Schmeichel.
Vardy was benched as he battled a groin injury and came on as a second-half substitute -- the first time he had not started a Premier League game when available since March 2015.
The England forward had not scored in his previous nine games for club and country and Claudio Ranieri opted to take him out of the firing line.
Replacement Okazaki should have opened the scoring inside 90 seconds when presented with a gift by Steve Mandanda.
The Palace goalkeeper swapped passes with Damien Delaney but then miscued a clearance straight to Okazaki but the Japan international could only chip wide from 25 yards.
It was a rare opening as Leicester's league struggles continued in the opening stages, leaving Palace to dictate the play.
Danny Drinkwater and Andy King failed to unsettle the visitors' rhythm, with Andros Townsend a constant threat, and Cabaye fired wide before Benteke rattled the woodwork after 12 minutes.
Wilfried Zaha's shot was blocked and fell to Martin Kelly who crossed for Benteke, whose 10-yard header bounced off the bar with Schmeichel beaten.
The subdued hosts were too open, allowing Zaha and Townsend space to roam although the pair lacked a final delivery.
Slowly, led by Riyad Mahrez, the Foxes began to wrestle back control and Okazaki deflected a Mahrez drive over after 34 minutes as Leicester upped their workrate.
And Musa opened the scoring three minutes before the break as the Nigeria international got his first goal since a 16million summer move from CSKA Moscow.
Ineffective on the right, he moved inside to link up with Islam Slimani and, with Mandanda unsighted by his backpedalling defence, cracked in a low drive in from 18 yards.
Slimani almost doubled the lead two minutes after half-time when his header rippled the side-netting.
Palace's response was muted, with Benteke increasingly starved of service, and Leicester doubled their lead after 63 minutes.
Okazaki had not scored in the Premier League since March but rifled in from 12 yards after Delaney had cut out Drinkwater's cross.
Yet the Foxes lived dangerously as Palace almost pulled a goal back on 73 minutes when Schmeichel saved Cabaye's close-range effort and then, from the resulting corner, Danny Simpson cleared Benteke's header off the line.
But they made the game safe with 10 minutes left when Fuchs scored his brilliant first goal for the club.
There seemed little danger when Benteke cleared a corner as far as the Austrian, but he rifled an unstoppable angled half-volley into the corner from 25 yards.
Benteke was denied by Schmeichel after being put clear but Cabaye did make it 3-1 with five minutes left when he steered in Zaha's cross.
Mahrez also had a chance to put the gloss on the victory, but his injury-time volley was saved by Mandanda.
