Liverpool VS Sunderland
Nov 26, 2016
Philippe Countinho injury blow mars Liverpool victory

Liverpool returned to the top of the Premier League with a 2-0 win over Sunderland at Anfield in a game overshadowed by injury to Philippe Coutinho.
Divock Origi's first Premier League goal since April and a late James Milner penalty saw Liverpool return to winning ways.
Belgium striker Origi was only on the pitch because of a potentially serious ankle injury to playmaker Coutinho, who left the field on a stretcher with his right leg in a protective splint.
Sunderland made things tough for Liverpool and frustrations were beginning to grow until Origi struck in the 75th minute.
Milner's 90th-minute penalty made the result safe and put an end to the visitors' mini-revival after back-to-back wins had lifted them off the foot of the table.
The visitors conceded 78 percent of possession but in the opening 45 minutes limited their hosts to a handful of half-chances as Georginio Wijnaldum's early shot on the turn was easily saved, Dejan Lovren directed two efforts off target and Sadio Mane fired straight at Jordan Pickford.
Part of Sunderland's success in negating the threat of opponents who had scored 17 times in five previous home league matches was Jason Denayer's man-marking job on playmaker Coutinho.
But the one occasion the on-loan Manchester City defender lost his man resulted in Coutinho's injury, as Didier Ndong's challenge caught the right foot of the forward as he tried to jink past him.
Sunderland's one chance before the break fell to former Everton midfielder Steven Pienaar but goalkeeper Loris Karius got out to block.
In the second half Wijnaldum bundled a volley wide, Roberto Firmino was denied by Pickford at his near post and Emre Can missed the target as Sunderland became even more defensive.
When Firmino flashed a cross through the six-yard box neither Origi nor Mane could apply the finishing touch, but their frustration finally ended 15 minutes from time.
Jordan Henderson picked out Origi on the left of the penalty area and he managed to thread a shot across a crowded box and inside the far post.
When the charging Mane was brought down by Ndong in added time, Milner stepped up to score his fifth of the season.
