Manchester United VS West Ham United
Nov 27, 2016
Man United held by West Ham as Jose Mourinho is sent off

Manchester United manager Jose Mourinho was sent to the stands as his side suffered another frustrating afternoon at Old Trafford, being held to a 1-1 draw by West Ham United.
The Hammers, who led 2-1 at Tottenham last weekend only to succumb to a late 3-2 defeat, started brightly and were in front after only two minutes.
Dimitri Payet whipped in a free kick after he was fouled by Lingard, and Diafra Sakho got away from marker Zlatan Ibrahimovic to nod the Londoners into the lead.
United quickly stepped up the tempo as they attempted to find an equaliser, with Ibrahimovic seeing his effort from a Lingard cross go wide of the post after six minutes.
Shortly after the 10-minute mark, Paul Pogba blasted over from long range and then a Juan Mata curler was too close to Darren Randolph in the West Ham goal.
Michail Antonio threatened for West Ham when he got to the byline and crossed dangerously towards Sakho, who was unable to get a connection.
And United were soon back on terms as Ibrahimovic got onto the end of a superb pass from Pogba to glance home from six yards out.
Within moments, Mourinho was sent to the stands by referee Jonathan Moss after he reacted furiously -- kicking a water bottle down the touchline -- to the official's decision to book Pogba for simulation.
But even without their coach on the touchline United were growing in momentum and missed a 33rd-minute chance when Lingard blasted over after Ibrahimovic had headed the ball across to him.
The home side had an even better opening four minutes later when Marcus Rashford raced through the middle but saw Randolph block the finish with an outstretched boot.
Ibrahimovic again threatened as West Ham continued to find themselves under pressure, but Angelo Ogbonna just got to the ball ahead of him as he looked to nod home an Antonio Valencia cross at the far post.
By now, the home side were monopolising the chances and they had another with two minutes of the first half left, Pogba meeting a Mata cross but sending his header wide of the target.
And they were even closer seconds before the whistle as Lingard struck an effort narrowly past the post.
The second half began in scrappier fashion, with neither side able to establish much rhythm in the early stages amid a string of free-kicks and fouls.
Its first chance went the way of the visitors, Sakho sending a header from a Payet corner looping up and onto the roof of the United net.
And with 55 minutes on the clock, Payet curled a 25-yard free kick that was tipped over by David De Gea in the home goal.
United made a double change after 65 minutes as Wayne Rooney replaced Marcus Rashford and Henrikh Mkhitaryan came on for Juan Mata with the home side looking to rediscover the impetus they had found late in the first half.
As the game ticked into the final quarter of an hour, Lingard fired an effort from the edge of the box straight at Randolph and the same player then saw an effort ruled out for offside as United's frustrations grew.
Ibrahimovic was denied by a Cheikhou Kouyate interception as he threatened to win it late on and Marouane Fellaini was thrown into the fray as United poured forward late on.
But they ended up being grateful to De Gea, who made a good stop to deny Ashley Fletcher a dramatic West Ham winner with two minutes of normal time remaining.
