Southampton VS Leicester City
Jan 22, 2017
Southampton add to Leicester problems with St Mary's win

James Ward-Prowse, Jay Rodriguez and Dusan Tadic condemned Leicester to their 11th Premier League defeat of the season as Southampton triumphed 3-0 at St Mary's.
The reigning champions have now lost half their Premier League matches this term and sit just five points above the relegation zone.
Southampton eased to victory, with Claudio Ranieri's Leicester looking short of ideas in attack and worryingly frail at the back.
Saints' win was tempered by an ankle injury to captain Virgil van Dijk, leaving Claude Puel's men short of centre-backs after Jose Fonte's 8 million switch to West Ham in midweek.
England under-21 international Jack Stephens filled the breach, but Saints will hope Van Dijk can recover in time for Wednesday's EFL Cup semifinal second leg at Liverpool.
Leicester's decline continued on the south coast as last year's defensive linchpins Robert Huth and Wes Morgan were again exposed.
Huth inadvertently laid on Southampton's second goal, his attempt at a headed clearance turning into a knockdown that let the lurking Rodriguez sneak in and finish.
A potential own goal from Morgan was chalked off because of a foul from Maya Yoshida, but that reprieve did not spare the visitors' blushes, with Tadic adding Saints' third with a late penalty.
Southampton dominated from the off, deservedly taking the lead on 25 minutes through a crisp attack.
Van Dijk's crossfield pass gave Cedric Soares time to exchange passes with Nathan Redmond and set the Saints off and running.
Redmond then bisected the defence down the inside-right channel, Cedric whipped in a low cross and Ward-Prowse finished sweetly past Kasper Schmeichel.
Leicester offered little attacking merit apart from a threat on the counter.
And the Foxes compounded their own misery when Huth headed a lofted free-kick straight into Rodriguez's path for the Saints striker to double the hosts' lead.
Pierre-Emile Hojbjerg missed two clear-cut openings in quick succession after the break, with the second of them seeing him intercept Christian Fuchs' stray pass and race through on goal before firing wide.
Leicester avoided more ignominy when Morgan's own goal was chalked off, but Tadic still had time to fire home from the spot after Morgan had fouled Shane Long.
