Southampton VS Chelsea
Oct 30, 2016
Eden Hazard inspires Chelsea to victory over Southampton

Eden Hazard scored a goal and created another as Chelsea beat Southampton 2-0 at St Mary's to move up to fourth in the Premier League table.
Hazard netted the first and set up Diego Costa for the second as Chelsea saw off a Southampton side that were unbeaten in their previous five league games to leapfrog Tottenham and move one point off leaders Manchester City.
Hazard opened the scoring in the sixth minute, receiving the ball from Victor Moses before turning a defender and sending his strike through the legs of Fraser Forster.
Southampton responded well to falling behind, dominating much of the possession in the first half though they struggled to break Chelsea's defence down.
A half-chance fell Charlie Austin's way shortly after the opener but he headed a delivery well wide, while Dusan Tadic saw a free kick tipped around the post on the half-hour mark by Thibaut Courtois.
Chelsea were happy to sit back and play on the counterattack, which brought them two more opportunities towards the end of the half.
Hazard had a strike at goal comfortably saved by Forster after causing some problems for the Saints defence, before the keeper was then called into action again, this time denying Costa after he had been played in by Nemanja Matic.
Chelsea did not have to wait long to double their lead after the restart, with Costa bending an excellent strike from the edge of the box into the far corner of the net in the 55th minute after being teed up by Hazard.
Costa could have grabbed a second moments later, with Hazard again setting up the Spain international, but he could only fire over the bar after connecting with his teammate's cross.
Southampton were on the ropes as Chelsea poured forward once more, but Forster was able to keep out Moses' effort, with neither Costa nor Pedro able to convert the rebound.
The hosts attempted to get back into the game but were unable to find a way through, with Austin heading over and Steven Davis clipping the bar with a header.
Austin did have the ball in the net late on -- moments after Moses had been denied by Forster down the other end -- but the striker was adjudged to have been offside as he raced onto a through pass.
