Stoke City VS West Ham United
Apr 29, 2017
Stoke City and West Ham share points in dull deadlock

Stoke and West Ham shared the spoils in a goalless draw as Jack Butland kept his first clean sheet since his return, doing so in front of watching England manager Gareth Southgate.
The Potters reached the 40-point mark but had no joy in an attacking sense as Saido Berahino was denied a first goal for the club by Winston Reid's fine block and Adrian's save.
Southgate, who missed the Manchester derby on Thursday in favour of attending a rugby league game, saw Butland make just his second appearance since he fractured his ankle while on international duty last March.
Butland impressed with saves from Andre Ayew and Manuel Lanzini ahead of a possible Three Lions return in June.
There were few English players in either side for Southgate to cast his eye over, but one of them, Berahino, was hoping to open his Stoke account 427 days after his last goal for West Brom.
Marko Arnautovic's pull-back found the forward in the eighth minute, but Reid flung himself in front of the powerful shot to prevent a certain goal.
Berahino then lost his footing as Xherdan Shaqiri looked to play him through.
Another block, this time from Jose Fonte, prevented him from converting Joe Allen's cross, while the former Southampton captain was equally alert to stop Arnautovic turning home Glen Johnson's cross.
The Hammers lacked creativity apart from Lanzini but Ayew did display some ingenuity with an overhead kick that provided Butland with his first test, one he passed.
He was less assured when rushing out to deal with a long ball that Jonathan Calleri was chasing along with Bruno Martins Indi, with Ryan Shawcross able to tidy up when Butland failed to clear.
The visitors might have entered the break ahead had Calleri opted for a simple finish when his cross came back to him, but his decision to try a right-footed rabona as opposed to a left-footed finish saw Martins Indi block.
Slaven Bilic brought on Aaron Cresswell at the start of a second half which the Potters began brightly as Allen volleyed into the netting and both he and Shaqiri forced Adrian into saves.
Both of those were considerably more straightforward than the effort he produced to repel Berahino, throwing out his right hand to tip the forward's first-time effort around a post.
Butland got in on the act at the other end, parrying Ayew's chance before thrusting out a leg to deny Lanzini during the same attack.
The views of the two managers were epitomised by the substitutions they made in the 69th and 70th minute -- Bilic taking off striker Ayew for midfielder Noble and Hughes introducing forward Crouch for midfielder Allen.
As it was, Crouch could not provide another match-winning contribution from the bench and it was Arnautovic who came closest to doing so when he reached Shaqiri's cross only to see Adrian save and then scoop the ball wide.
