Swansea City VS Liverpool
Oct 1, 2016
Roberto Firmino and James Milner give Liverpool victory at Swansea

Liverpool went second in the Premier League table after coming from a goal down to secure a 2-1 victory at struggling Swansea.
The Merseysiders were transformed after a poor first half had seen them 1-0 down at the break.
But a goal from Roberto Firmino and a late James Milner penalty turned things around as Jurgen Klopp's side continued their fine run of form.
After a spell of early Liverpool possession, Swansea found their feet and should have led on five minutes -- only for 15 million club record signing Borja Baston to produce a glaring miss.
The striker seemed certain to give the Swans a perfect start when he got away from his markers to meet Wayne Routledge's cross, but steered his header wildly over from inside the six-yard box.
That miss, however, was forgotten three minutes later when he headed a corner back across the Liverpool six-yard area and midfielder Leroy Fer poked home from close range with defenders appealing in vain for offside.
As Liverpool struggled to find the rhythm with which they swept aside Hull City at Anfield last weekend, Swansea threatened again as Gylfi Sigurdsson's fine pass just eluded the lunging Jack Cork.
Klopp was forced to make an early change when Adam Lallana appeared to pull a muscle and was replaced by Daniel Sturridge.
But the home side continued to make the running and Borja again headed off target from a promising position, glancing wide from six yards.
Liverpool were struggling to make headway against Swansea's pressing but fashioned an opening after 37 minutes when Philippe Coutinho saw an effort blocked by Fer before substitute Sturridge was booked for simulation after going to ground in the area under a challenge.
As the half drew to a close, Jordi Amat blocked superbly from Sadio Mane before Lorius Karius held a Sigurdsson free-kick at the second attempt.
Liverpool began the second half far more brightly than they had the first, with Firmino seeing a low 25-yarder held by Lukasz Fabianski and a Mane cross causing chaos before Amat hacked the ball away.
At the other end, Amat crossed when he could have shot -- and within moments Liverpool were level when, after 54 minutes, the unmarked Firmino glanced in a header.
Klopp's side were taking control, with Philippe Coutinho thundering a long-range effort just wide and then delivering a teasing cross from the left that just eluded Sturridge.
As Swansea struggled to escape from their own half, Nathaniel Clyne shot over from distance and Mane saw another effort blocked inside the area.
The home side briefly eased the pressure and created a moment of danger of their own as a cross from the left was just too high.
But with seven minutes remaining, Firmino was fouled in the area by Angel Rangel as the pair contested a bouncing ball and James Milner stroked the penalty high into the net to win the game for Liverpool.
Swansea should have levelled in stoppage time when a cross fell to Mike van der Hoorn -- only for the defender to prod a glorious chance wide of the far post from close range.
