Tottenham Hotspur VS Manchester City
Oct 2, 2016
Tottenham romp to victory vs. Man City as Guardiola suffers first loss

Tottenham Hotspur inflicted a first defeat on Pep Guardiola's Manchester City as they outplayed their opponents to storm to a 2-0 victory.
City had been undefeated in 11 games, and won all six in the Premier League, since Guardiola's arrival but an own goal from Aleksandar Kolarov and a second from Dele Alli brought that run to an end in North London.
A lightning start to the game at White Hart Lane saw Son Heung-Min force his way into the box after beating a marker before firing wide of the target after just 24 seconds.
City then created a chance of their own down the other end, with David Silva just missing a flick from a few yards out following Jesus Navas' ball into the box.
By the ninth minute, Tottenham had raced into the lead as Danny Rose whipped in a dangerous delivery which Kolarov inadvertently sliced into the back of his own net.
And Spurs followed that goal up immediately with another attack against a stunned City that saw Son played into the box, only for the South Korean to be denied by Claudio Bravo at the near post.
The home side continued their early onslaught as they won a free kick right on the edge of City's area, with Christian Eriksen bending the ball over the wall but just wide of Bravo's goal.
After their sloppy start, City soon weathered the storm and began to get a foothold in the game, with Sergio Aguero going close from a free kick, only to be thwarted by a save from Hugo Lloris.
However, it was not long before Tottenham doubled their lead in the 37th minute through Alli, who slotted home perfectly after Son had spotted his run into the box with an excellent ball.
The hosts started the second half like they started the first with a Son long-range strike drifting just over the bar, before Victor Wanyama then saw a hit from distance turned round the post by Bravo.
City, though, came close to pulling one back when Fernandinho played Aguero into the box, but Lloris was able to divert the ball onto the woodwork.
The visitors struggled to build on that chance and force themselves back into the game, though Spurs wasted their own opportunity to put the result beyond doubt.
Alli won the home side a penalty in the 65th minute after being brought down in the area by Fernandinho, but Bravo was able to save the resulting spot kick from Erik Lamela.
Kelechi Iheanacho was thrown on for City by Guardiola and nearly made an impact with 15 minutes remaining on the clock, latching onto Silva's ball before being denied by Lloris, who was quick off his line to make the stop.
And Lloris was soon called into action again, this time tipping Aguero's strike over the bar, with Ilkay Gundogan also firing high and wide as City tried but failed to pull a goal back late on.
Spurs moved up to second in the Premier League table with the victory and are now just one point off leaders City.
