Tottenham Hotspur VS Arsenal
Apr 30, 2017
Tottenham win derby to ensure they will finish above Arsenal

Tottenham Hotspur again ensured Chelsea's lead at the top of the Premier League remains at four points and guaranteed that they will finish above Arsenal as they won White Hart Lane's last-ever North London derby 2-0.
Goals from Dele Alli and a Harry Kane penalty did the damage as Spurs moved to within one match of an unbeaten home season for the first time since the 1960s.
Spurs demonstrated their intent within the opening minute as Alli found Kane, whose low, angled shot was saved by Petr Cech.
And with just seven minutes on the clock the hosts were close once more, Christian Eriksen crossing for Toby Alderweireld, whose header flew narrowly over.
Spurs goalkeeper Hugo Lloris was called into action for the first time when he came off his line to snatch the ball from Kieran Gibbs after 10 minutes, but Spurs defender Ben Davies soon had a cross deflected into the side-netting at the other end.
The best chance of a scrappy opening came and went after 22 minutes as a deflected Harry Kane shot seemed certain to be headed home by Alli, but he steered wide from close range under pressure from Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain.
That was followed by another golden chance three minutes later when Son Heung-Min's deflected effort fell to Eriksen who, from seven yards out, could only volley against the top of the crossbar.
In a scrappy phase towards half-time, there were breaks in play as both Granit Xhaka and Jan Vertonghen required treatment after taking knocks.
And with a little over five minutes of the first period remaining Arsenal produced their most dangerous move of the game so far as Aaron Ramsey fired in a low curling shot that was well saved by Lloris.
Alexis Sanchez then threaded a pass to Ramsey, whose effort was deflected over, and when the resulting corner was cleared as far as Sanchez he whipped a curling effort wide.
The Chile international saw a deflected strike whizz across the Tottenham area moments later as Arsenal continued to put together a bright attacking spell -- but seconds later, at the other end, Jan Vertonghen shot and Cech dived to push it away.
The Arsenal keeper made another good stop early in the second half, tipping over after Wanyama shot from the edge of the area after good work from Son, and the South Korea international fired wide from the resulting corner.
Kane then struck a powerful effort straight at Cech -- but within moments Spurs had struck twice in as many minutes to take a stranglehold on the match.
After 56 minutes, Alli broke through when good work from Eriksen, who tiptoed past a defender and had a shot saved, saw the ball bounce to the midfielder who steered low into the corner.
And within moments Kane was adjudged to have been brought down in the area by Gabriel, getting back to his feet to slam the penalty low into the corner.
Olivier Giroud had a shot stopped by Lloris as Arsenal looked for a quick response, and the keeper repeated the trick soon afterwards as Sanchez tried his luck.
A great Cech save prevented Vertonghen from making it three with a blistering effort from the edge of the area as Spurs moved into total control, and home players and officials appealed loudly for handball when the ball struck Sanchez inside the area.
Kane was denied by Cech as he tried to lift a finish over him and the Arsenal keep produced another fine stop to thwart Alderweireld.
Theo Walcott shot straight at Lloris as the Gunners tried to muster a late response, but they could do nothing to shake Tottenham's control.

