Watford VS West Ham United
Feb 26, 2017
Andre Ayew rescues point for 10-man West Ham at Watford

Andre Ayew came off the bench to rescue a point for 10-man West Ham in a 1-1 draw at Watford.
The Hammers were trailing to Troy Deeney's third-minute penalty until Ayew tucked in the rebound after Michail Antonio's shot had hit both posts.
It was no more than West Ham deserved, as they were unlucky not to have been awarded a second-half spot-kick for an almost identical incident to the one which gave Watford the lead.
However, they had to hold out for the final five minutes with 10 men after Antonio was sent off for handball.
The evening also ended on a sad note for Hammers old boy Mauro Zarate, who won his side's penalty but departed on a stretcher with a serious-looking knee injury before half-time.
The winger made an immediate impact against his former side, darting into the area to meet Deeney's pass before being sent sprawling by Cheikhou Kouyate.
Deeney, who had to wait for what seemed like an age to bring up his 100th Watford goal earlier this season, rolled in the penalty for his fourth in five Premier League games.
West Ham -- minus the injured Andy Carroll -- pushed for an equaliser and Younes Kaboul did superbly to block a goalbound Robert Snodgrass shot before sticking out a foot to prevent Antonio from equalising.
Snodgrass should have levelled in first-half stoppage time when Heurelho Gomes pushed Aaron Cresswell's cross straight to the winger, but he could not adjust his feet in time and Watford cleared.
Worryingly, Zarate had collapsed to the ground in the build-up to that chance after twisting his knee awkwardly, and he needed lengthy treatment and oxygen before he was carried off.
Hammers boss Slaven Bilic was furious when Kouyate was wrestled to the ground by M'Baye Niang in the area, only for referee Craig Pawson to wave play on.
But the leveller arrived in bizarre fashion in the 73rd minute after Antonio outpaced Kaboul before seeing his shot clip the near post, roll along the goalline and back off the far post.
Fortunately for the Hammers record signing Ayew was on the six-yard line to score his second goal for the club.
Antonio, who had been booked in the first half, was dismissed for deliberately handling the ball after he had been tackled, but the 10 men survived a late onslaught to hold on for a point.
